Release v0.32.1 (#962)
fluxcd/source-controller: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

## 0.32.1

**Release date:** 2022-11-18

This prerelease rectifies the `v0.32.0` release by bumping the controller api

> version and the kustomization. Users should therefore avoid using `v0.32.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
version and the controller deployment. Users should therefore avoid using `v0.32.0`.
```
